Unexpectedly, the vice president actually used the rented house to show up interactively.
Doesn't the vice president want to have a future with him?
Just want to play with him? I started Madam President!
How dare you look for me behind my back!
My husband! He is the president of Tangtang Vice City Group!
Aren't you afraid of losing your job by treating me like this?
Vice lady, we have also taken up the post of rules manager.
Since you are the kind of seamstress of tomorrow,
You don't want to. Now you need to be allowed to leave immediately,
If you don't leave. Li Jiachang,
These are all intentional on your part. You just want to see me make a fool of myself.
No, it's you who's been hiding
The car you are looking for
I won't give up on your identity either
Get out of my house now and hurry up
Teach me, you won’t take our anger, will you?
I didn't have any differences just now
Don't worry, I'm not angry
But your husband is too awesome
I actually bought a building for you
Even my feet and meridian were treated with tenderness
Yeah, I didn’t expect a CEO